[Applause]
what's up my boy wounds or iavi
oliveira subscribe to the same channel if you did
n't know me and well I don't know what
happened but in the last videos
that I've had in these videos where I was
having a controversy control there have been
a lot of people in the comments
messing with my
English pronunciation and it's that you have no patience at all
if you barely speak
Spanish
obviously the anecdote that happened to me
once while I was traveling and this is not a joke
okay I'm not going to make it up and this is
real and Lorena can certify it or she
can say that it's true that this happened then when we
were traveling we
were in Paris and I well something happened to me
when I'm just waking
up not until I've had my
coffee I'm not a person okay I'm not very
aware of what I'm doing and we left
the room we got in we were going to
get on the elevator to go down to
leave the hotel and there was an
English couple it's not an English couple and very
politely they said good morning good morning I
mean politely and they didn't respond they
completely slowed down and  I took for
granted that these people don't understand anything I'm
saying and just as I went to
get on the elevator it got away from me
forever it got
away from me he really has it so
comfortable he says rap inside almost the
cowboy of course but I took it with such
freedom because as they didn't
understand me well I wanted that they
really didn't understand any of the fonera
of everyday life they must be using of
course actually I didn't understand myself
in my language like I wanted that they're
not going to understand that either and they were like what
the son of a [ __ ] is and
how he acts something super and I said damn what's
broken I want to take the opportunity
to tell you that a lot of people
ask me why I don't make a
twitter account
someone really am on twitter I'm
on an account that is currently called
arroba
aceituno de un bajo he is the name that I have to
have on twitter right now
so that they don't suspend my account so
what there is so everyone is already
following me on twitter also
aceituno and un bajo he and well there's another one it
's a video quite different from what I
usually  bring normally and today we're not
only going to talk about salcedo but
we're going to talk about sanse or salz
on youtube in general there's a really
cool channel called be careful which has
the pronunciation of drexel yes and c's
to this channel that you see here he's
leaving the description okay I don't
trust my pronunciation he's dedicated to
making a series called
power levels and he's made a chapter
called power levels from youtube the one about
salcedo be careful be careful you already know
that I consider myself and I think I am the
king of sanse I mean it's not that I talk
about salcé or is it that I changed oliveira I'm
the salsero I mean if you want to find out about
all the gossip just in time and
no one gives you better and more information I told you you
are subscribed to this channel bureau kilos
of salsa but well I'm nobody to
put that title on myself so
let's see
top of power levels surely
many of you who are well known
on this channel because they have already reacted
to their videos others I had many more
famous than me in fact I don't  I'm famous I have to
stop calling myself like for
example the blond the great wind and
even I have reacted to some of his
videos on the secondary channel but well I
think that this video deserved to be on the
main channel so let's go for it at
these levels of power the
channels of salcedo or the
youtube platform will be mentioned very dear or very trusted
wants salcedo it's time to start very
well defined is that very dear or
very hated cheer up thank you very much that
generally people especially the
well-off people start to say that
we are like the cancer of the platform
that we stain the platform that we
dirty it that we shouldn't give up
but on the other hand I know a lot of
people a lot of huge youtubers who
follow our videos because they like
gossip I think that nobody is not
called a little bit of what is being
morbid especially when there is a controversy as
strong as the one with win michu
dallas now everything that has happened with
dro I think that in the end everyone
always ends up throwing a clues and me
from salcedo or the wikipedia plan but the
falsification and no  I understand why but there
are still people like that who don't
like to admit it it's hard to
admit it because it's like something that makes
them ashamed it's absurd you or me
when I come to the internet after a
hard day of work after a
hard day Oscars I have family problems they
don't make you any kind of anxiety
when I connect to youtube to watch
content I want content that
entertains me but that is easy to
digest everyone doesn't have to
have the same taste there are people who
like to watch more elaborate videos
like maybe Jaime Lozano or something like that
but I like something that
exercises me because I really like
salsa sincerely warns I mean if you
don't have light to co2 the recommendation
is not to view this material apart from
that I would like to know what kind of
power you can eat in a video of
green youtube levels to the pse I mean
what thing can't surprise us and how
true that I am considered as some
kind of anime but few things would
surprise me today with which they can
make me pollen I don't know the same thing is that
argos in the end has a third brother
called  Carlos or whatever the
same thing others in the end it turns out that they do not
have as much online as it seems and it is that they
use voice but that is already past not
the weakest jump channel
the turn channel blog was salt had surgery
salt is or filthy and that truth changed him
as a person because in the end I did not dislike him
but then he turned out to be a
very dirty guy the problem they had there
double I would not like his videos bad because
in fact it was good it was a channel very
similar to mine but he began to get into
topics in very swampy terrain it began
to heal in the sanse or when what he
was using were already true
saved publishing really
private things of people without countering
whether the information was true or false
but it is true that he was
learning as very much about the personal
and intimate lives of youtubers and above all
what was very very very murky for
me to make the decision to do that and I did not like
the issue of donations I do not know
how a background fit there very murky
Hugo little well I told you about existing but
in its time it caused the salsero
invented some youtubers ago  football you are
here we see it with all its power to the maximum
although its content sometimes varies and not
only occasions so many salseros
surely there will be many people who will be
shocked will see wilate r this list and it is that
for a long time we have called
sanse channels or only the
channels that talk about youtuber you have to
sar se or not it is only to talk about the
controversy of the fights of the youtuber and
the romance for the sloppiness it is everything
that is controversial everything that is a
little gossip each channel you know the
ceo or in other words another theme has its
strong points for example my strong point is
the salseros from Spain worth what
the Spanish sanctions are being that
Michu loses the Wii then for example
we have turbo plan 1 strong point is
the salseros related to
Latin America pulling for wind and guiri
by bands bush above all and for example do you
think it would be something like that and one of
the strong points of winter is the whole
issue of the queen of shine and
I commented this to him on many occasions
sometimes I in fact some video of the
queen of shine and  From Ramón they have
worked badly for us even on the
secondary channel you have a series where I
was crossing videos with her even the
queen of shine dedicated some
live videos to me and I answered them but for
Abul Gheit you are one of her
strong points on the channel yes it is true that she
deals with other topics that are not skipped and
that also work quite well for her
such as paranormal topics
but I would say that in her channel there is sal
SEO because not only are there
some youtubers but she also gets into
some controversies look even for
example when she starts talking about Pito
Kers or when she starts telling things
like the other day not about people who were
dedicated to scamming to try to steal
youtube channels see that in a certain
way it is the ceo it is not a controversy what
happens in it then within the
salsa channels there are several degrees
various types of salsa it is not the same the
channel of Wil Hater like for example
mine like for example that of Mauro color
Destructor this both channels anxious
extremes its power of a virus has
disappeared from youtube in its sales
a shame a shame that this  channel is
missing from youtube because they
were not only salsa or like me who knows how to make
fun of any controversy between
youtube or simply comment on it to give
your opinion but also investigated
some things very well there is a
very good investigation that I
recommend you look for it I said on that
channel I destroy them about the
similarities between videos of other
videos from other channels, that is, did a
pretty good investigation in which
I compared videos
from other channels and even
foreign channels comparing the videos that I
uploaded after two and surely
when I see them and a myth will fall for you
but it does take us to the controversy of
still but even there there is a
topic that needs to be reviewed quite a bit on
the main channel of two and this guy with the
smell of trick is a very
good investigation about unmasking, in quotes,
the bots of german and many more
outstanding things in fact drone the other day in
a live of book [ __ ] and said to this
clown who said that german became a
bot and of course now I partly understand
why two defended so much to defend to
sign but he threw [ __ ] at him there is the
smell of jazz credit or he knew how to be  able to
create salt her tacos for a canon that
followed is on youtube I only know that she
was Mick's ex-girlfriend and you'll see but
apart from that he has never seen his
channel as a curious note British is the
only sad girl who is at
her power levels elected [ __ ]
caused salsero with her videos although
our time decided to move away from it I
can open other sections on your channel that is
why it has this level of power
and I was talking to us sell phase little I
was telling him objective but why does he
continue making videos give your
channel a boost I mean your channel had potential had already
hit what is the
main sprint I do not know what it is to go out a
little to make yourself known and it was
simply a matter of filming not of
continuing to give consistency to the channel and
commenting involved in the controversy but
go I think that he affected
the controversy he had with me quite a bit and also the one he had
with Dallas I think that
the hate affected him a lot let's say I think
they go for the style and that he has really
stopped filling like he is lazy to
make controversial videos or salseros
to exhibit  this is an old channel of
troll egos between quotes salcedo and
news at one time the caused the
most controversial salseros of all youtube
but with the passing of the years his channel
plummeted leaving aside the
new generations of salsero despite
this he is remembered in a certain way I
think that a very hard blow for the channel
of mes iberia was the debate with dallas
I think that there many people lost
the titan of the fish
since many people believed that he was going to
give much more game in that debate and
really not that he did very well he takes great
care that he had another leando and the
whole story is but people
expected much more from gregor a
key point for a criticism channel is that
when a moment comes in which you have to
recognize that you have made a mistake with
something to gain the trust of the
people you have to know how to recognize
your mistakes because none of us who
are here in front of the camera are
perfect we are here giving opinions
we are here making criticisms and
surely we are not right one hundred
percent of the time this yes I think that
the point of recognizing mistakes is also very important to
recognize  the
failures hey I was wrong about this
person I was wrong on this point back
then and what was said
seemed to have a bit of basis a bit of
foundation but in the end with the passage of
time it has been shown that it didn't and I think
that the debate with Dallas did
quite a bit of damage and from that
moment on the channel of Best and Berga
went to [ __ ] and it's really a
real shame because a channel that did
n't have much potential is
a channel that was banned and it was
a channel that has had
tremendous visits and now it has to be
looking for its teeth and makes 40 thousand
visits on a video Burgo plan
this level of power after absorbing
Wind's energies and thanks to
that his forgiveness exhibit these and he
finds himself with a high average power I have
done it as a minor on the
Turbo Plan channel it is that he also touches a little
the Spanish CEO of that bastard
Turbo Plan he takes out videos of Malabo in
abundance I don't know how he does it all
week they have some topic without trying to
lower the bastard look at exploding Wind
and Kim but drill  of bada boom is
incredible it makes many thanks because it was
said in the past and a whole thing that
I have never seen base I have never
seen that no that it did not make any sense
that they could not mention the company
badaboom because only by
mentioning it and saying its name they
could throw the videos at you and see if that
were true if that had any
logic channel of all plane you would be
homework call people rap that of jairo blogs
left-handed youtube is a character van of
occasion until zero again and again its
absurd power comes from the puzzles that it
observes in its content so that you can see
how true the thing that I tell you is that
each youtuber has its strong point
despite the fact that we are controversial or of the
same guild like me I have the
Spanish salsa
had a plan the badaboom subject and others will
hater the queen of the video I would say that
rite youtube is not the main
critic of glove god pantoja in
kimberley yes it is true that many
times launched some
constructive criticism because I think that it goes over
the line many times but it is a
strong point then when they are interior
numerous a video about  dallas who has
done it has done very little but he has
made the videos as if they don't respect him it
happens to him like it does to me when I touch on one of
his songs although I meet with his
sanction and news channel his level of power
increased little by little over the years until he
reached this position he himself had the
courage to travel and interview
dallas leaving the court well that
wasn't really like that one hundred percent that
was because he was bad in Spain he asked him
in Spain about the trial issue of dollars
that he will travel is precisely for that
but he has people in Spain I'm
going to specify and he caught him in
Spain then make the account to
the courts to do the live and yes take
advantage of the opportunity because one
thing to recognize her reggae magician and is that she
knows how to get the most out of
anything in that aspect she is a bit like me
but even for pork because the
shrimp has no limit in selling
anything when I say in anything
left for example when they tried to
sell him a supposed video where he was
with a girl in a nightclub and the
bastard without buying the video it is without
confirming if that information  was it true or
not just in case a video was made on
the subject and well I have nothing personal
against Mauro in fact we have
our jokes and personally I have
no problem with him I even get along
with him but Mao heretic now has
a channel that is much whiter than Salcé or
much more neutral because he simply
limits himself to giving the news and that's it but
he was very piggish when it came to growing okay
in the beginning he was very piggish and I have been
told that he even invited himself to the
toilets like this youtuber is allied
with this other one and Sol y Menta goes for the
[ __ ] face to have visitors and to
grow that fact to a lot of people on top of that
because of that and according to what they have told me he
justified it like hey he had to
help his mother financially and that he
had to eat from some he imported his
face but well yes it is true that
now he simply has a channel
where he gives the news in a
neutral way from another in quotes because
I also see him very very positioned
for Bahabón's side I don't know if he
has an agreement with them but I
see that they really like you play he is
a character  that are looking for certain
the varied and different sectors of
youtube
somehow manages to talk about various
missing topics with a simple edition
but with clear words I have to
say one thing in general to have before
for those who knew him a long time
his videos were two minutes long being a
[ __ ] just putting images he would
spend all afternoon a lot of hours
trying hard on a video but the
three minute videos at most two or three
minutes and they were images no in fact you
can see it on his channel until he
coi and I said to him dude let's watch a
ten minute video where's the money
until there's a lot of difference making
three minute videos making them
more than 10 minutes of course he told me dude
but if I make it 10 minutes I'll
leave my balls here and that's when
the idea of ​​​​putting it although it
implies and for when he speaks occurred to me and I said
dude allowing images but but in
some parts mind press play what I
no longer remember if it was my idea you would have to
ask him but well right now I do
n't know what he calls well if it was
my idea the subject of retro games I think
yes I think I told him  tivo tuco the
video game inside the megadrive back and forth
that nobody uses them without
the author wanting a percentage well
no I can't percentage because from
time to time I charge it by reacting to
their videos it is secondary so
we are in a bastard country
at least subscribe anaut airplay
oliveira managed to obtain such a high power
the queen of holy tuesday
apart from the fact his last battle was
with the other ninja a fight with
a strange bittersweet ending and causing
existential crises on the part of the
spectators I do not understand why they
put this [ __ ] ugly golden one on me if I go to the
beach with that cap and I really touch my
jeans so much and it seems that I am going to
get wool there is one thing that I like
about my channel and that is that I do not only
focus on being a channel that comments on the
controversies as such but also in my
channel I have my own controversy my
character has evolved to such an extent
that I myself become the protagonist of
some controversy I do not do it wanting I
promise that I do not do it wanting with the
idea of ​​​​gaining more visits or anything
simply because I am a person that I do
not know that there is one and  for example when
the discussion started control it was because
[ __ ] because I had an idea that I wasn't
going to keep quiet and what you call my desire is
that youtubers even
big youtubers look at my opinion into account it's
like it hurts them in something that I
think such and such an opinion as there are many channels
that we have mentioned here
that have also negatively criticized
other youtubers and youtube has
told us nothing however many times
when I do it or I have done it the
youtubers respond to me they dedicate videos to me
or we start a controversy like what happened
the last time with drugs but one
thing that I would really like about my channel
if I weren't a spectator is the fact
that I not only comment on the controversies of
others but also within my
channel there are my own controversies it had
stayed in a good position okay no no he
has not considered me king of salsa and that
kind of hurts me a little this is it I'm going
to leave this video on islay because I
tried to see the first place but the
highest is quite high in fact there are
the two that remain I wake up an
enormous epic power to be from fragile very
good person  initial to person I have
known him for many years on this
platform I have a very good relationship with
him and he is a beautiful person if
someone does not know him to subscribe and that
is why he decides to hide
here we see him with his maximum power 15
alaior exponent of the cels but in his
time and until now even though he is
no longer in this dimension he is the
salsa youtube
this channel was what took the word
sales but to another cosmic level you
could even say that he got along well with
the famous youtubers of the time look at
you that even the serious one had to see that
in reality being a youtuber it was nacho
who also ended up in very good shape with
him we gave him a lot of stick at the time I mean it
was like something that people
had a very bad look on you see that nacho
the only thing he did was read tweets from
youtubers between two youtubers who
were fighting or simply comment on
the controversy but simply give the
news he didn't even stop to give his
opinion in the last season he did
so he started to give his opinion a little more
but come on  it got less wet [ __ ] play 6
went down in the raincoat of the [ __ ] day and
all the people were fighting with him I mean it
was really frowned upon like
the rest of youtube see Claro didn't have
a channel like that he didn't want it he's the
ceo that's how it was on youtube spain the
only thing that existed apart from salsa
youtuber was Belgian Messi and although it was
frowned upon in fact our channels
to this day there are still people who
consider them like the plague as I
said at the beginning of the video and I think
that nachos' channel didn't take
off and didn't prosper because the videos
were
short and that's why they didn't give him money in
fact on some occasions but it was in
the interview that I did with him he told me
that he reached a thousand euros and look he
had views because he had I remember
that he had the views that the same thing I can have
today Claro if the videos are
two minutes long the difference is
abysmal and that at first
worked for him to grow because it was like the
tastes that people wanted I mean
people only wanted to find out about
sanse or in a dose like a video
that  it was heavy to swallow but
then it wasn't profitable for him
either it wasn't a channel that took a lot of
work it must be said because the
videos nacho and I think were made
5-10 minutes but it's a shame a shame
because it was he must be recognized the one who
introduced the salsa well the fact is that
not really in reality for example
aurum play as soon as a sal channel
came or at the beginning that there is one you see the
difference between aurum play cool and
libri nano was exchanged with the lauro play
of now but with the lauro play of the
past there will be a play there is a fight let's go another
movie rojos will cross video home es and
verga criticizes another youtuber but anyway
a hug nacho wherever you are may he
rest in peace how many al pse or
youtubers disappeared from the history of the
internet it is said that he can train
worlds that he got a better job
I think he has an econometrics store
a lot of account but in fact he has another
channel called utopia friki I think he
has a store an empty business
today these were the power levels of
the salsa channels on youtube  I don't think
I've forgotten any but if it has
happened, comment below if it goes to
some channels to leave his
brother I'm going to poor thing that is not that he is
dead is that he was partying
poor thing the corpse that they do not remember
him is in his brother is gossip
youtube do not believe it could also be a
channel of sanse or quietly because it
brings the eviction of hyper rodríguez
badawi totally too and the wind and
joking I asked this that is good people that
the mommy perito could also have
lied to it if I do not know if you remember
any more leave me the
comment box I recommend that you subscribe to
this kid because he makes this type of
videos and some others that are quite
entertaining quite funny I really like
the idea is not to treat this
subject and the power levels as if it
were some kind of anime or
epic video game I do not know but it is very
cool so thanks for having
done it for that third place I will
pay you bastard guys that's all the way to here the
video
and I send you a huge hug
[Music]